767-merge-conflict-marker-rule: Set rule for deleting merge conflict … (#770)
redhat-documentation/vale-at-red-hat: modules/reference-guide/pages/mergeconflictmarkers.adoc

:navtitle: MergeConflictMarkers
:keywords: Merge conflict, merge conflict, Merge Conflict, rule, markers

= Merge conflict markers

> Do not include Git merge conflict markers ('%s') in source code.

Reviewer: '%s' does not get resolved to anything in the docs build. 

```suggestion
Do not include Git merge conflict markers in source code. For example, `<<<<<<< HEAD`.
```
